Hello everyone, I continue to shoot today
video series on the construction of the garage
break arrange did not start
so I decided to go for a buckwheat look
how does anyone build anything go let's go
foundation blocks myself I prayed
you need to make this version of the plates
the overlap would have no body on the water level
flew which was standing there plate
shower is not bricks
door to the neighbor
cellars window water level and still
water is worth it even the end of summer
Well, Che is not a bad option
it will be worse
The following video will show well, but I have found
such
surprise
who obviously has such a cobblestone there
there was a lucky someone
I wonder how they will get it
By the way, here we see the options bricks
the foundation falls here is one person
I made the play as it should be
do
you are my man doing well for yourself
who is for sale here right away
everything going on under your feet would roll
building material of this from your
back block horse bricks
start brick his ears
I'll come closer here.
or women wondering how they possessed
has become
all on it all thank you all bye